Improve docs (#681)
festim-dev/FESTIM: docs/source/userguide/traps.rst

> Let's imaging a case where you have two subdomains. Trap 1 is defined only in the first subdomain, whereas Trap 2 is defined in the second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's imagine a case where you have two subdomains. Trap 1 is defined only in the first subdomain, whereas Trap 2 is defined in the second.
```

> It would be possible to simply define one trap in each subdomain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would be possible to define one trap in each subdomain.
```

> Grouping traps together helps saving computational time as it reduces the number of degrees of freedom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grouping traps together helps save computational time by reducing the number of degrees of freedom.
```
